=== Episode 2 ===
Saki: Come on, Ichi! Let's go find Hona and Shiho!
Ichika: Saki... Actually...
Saki: Hmm? What is it?
Ichika: I-It's just that...lunch break is too short to go over for a chat! We wouldn't have time to eat our lunch.
Saki: We can talk while eating. Come on, let's go!
Ichika: Uhm... Okay, sure...
Ichika: (I should explain the situation to her...)
Ichika: (On the other hand, Saki being back might change things between Honami, Shiho, and me...)
Saki: Look, she's over there! Shiho!
Shiho: Saki?! What are you doing here?
Saki: Teehee! Surprised to see me? I've been discharged from the hospital and, from today, I'm back at school!
Shiho: Oh, really? That's good......
Saki: Huh? Shiho, is something wrong?
Honami: No way... Saki?!
Saki: Hona! It's been ages! I just came back to school from today!
Honami: I didn't know you were coming back! That's really great news.
Honami: I, um... I have to go now. Sorry.
Saki: Oh, you do?
Honami: Um...
Shiho: My next lesson's in a different classroom, so I've got to go now too.
Saki: What's the hurry? I thought we could have lunch together!
Honami: I... I already promised a friend I'd meet her for lunch. You take care, Saki.
Saki: Hona, but... Gosh, she seemed in a real rush.
Ichika: .....
Saki: What's up with those two...
Ichika: They're probably just really busy. It gets like this in high school.
Ichika: A lot of things are... different now.
Saki: .....
Saki: I guess so... Everyone wants to get the most out of their high school life.
Saki: That's what I should be doing as well! You only live once!
Saki: Thanks for coming with, Ichi!
Ichika: No problem.
Ichika: (Nothing's going to change, is it...)
Honami's Classmate A: Let's walk home together, Honami!
Honami: Okay.
Honami's Classmate B: Did you hear? The class next door got a new student today.
Honami's Classmate A: Ah, yeah, that girl with the dyed hair. Didn't you talk to her at lunch break, Honami?
Honami: Y-Yes. We used to go to the same school.
Honami's Classmate A: So you already knew her. I heard she was ill and just recovered enough to come back to school?
Honami: That's right. I didn't know she was coming back today. It was something of a shock for me to see her.
Honami's Classmate B: It was nice of her to remember you and come say hi.
Honami: Yes... She's very kind, and always cheerful.
Shiho: .....
Honami's Classmate A: Oh, are you going home now, Hinomori?
Shiho: Why, you need something?
Honami's Classmate A: Uh... No, I was just asking.
Shiho: I see. Well then, bye.
Honami: .....
Honami's Classmate B: She's kind of cold and unapproachable.
Honami's Classmate A: Yeah. I find her kind of difficult to talk to too. I heard she's in a band, so I'm guessing that thing she was carrying was a guitar?
Honami: It's a bass guitar.
Honami's Classmate A: You can tell?
Honami: I, um...heard someone mention it.
others: Apparently, she's always been like this. A girl who was in the same class as her junior high told me.|Honami's Classmate B
Honami's Classmate B: She gets hostile when anyone tries to make friends with her.
Honami: .....
Honami's Classmate A: Really? Maybe she prefers to be alone.
Honami: Hey, um...
Honami's Classmate B: What's up?
Honami: I was thinking of going to the bookstore on the way home. Want to come with me?
Honami's Classmate B: Sure, sounds good!
Honami: Great! Oh, and by the way...

=== Episode 3 ===
Saki: Let's celebrate my joining the soft tennis club with bubble tea! Cheers!
Ichika: Cheers! It's good you found a club you like.
Saki: Thanks for tagging along and checking them out with me!
Ichika: You know, you should take it easy at first. The club captain said it's a very relaxed club, but you haven't done any sports in a while.
Saki: True! The club captain and the student advisor seemed really nice, didn't they?
Saki: I was worried they'd be against me joining a sports club since I'm probably not going to be much use after being ill for such a long time.
Ichika: Saki, you shouldn't think like that...
Saki: Anyway! Becoming a member of a school club is the first step in my wonderful school life!
Saki: And the next step is...this!
Ichika: A bubble tea cafe?
Saki: Yup! I've been wanting to go for bubble tea with friends after school for so long! I missed the peak of the bubble tea craze, but never mind!
Saki: Back when everyone was talking about how awesome bubble tea was, I was subsisting on bland hospital food.
Ichika: Saki... Poor you...
Saki: Well, I'm fine now, so I'm going to gorge myself on all sorts of delicious things!
Saki: Like that apple pie we shared once. Do you remember?
Ichika: I don't think so?
Saki: You know, back when we were in elementary. You were obsessed with Miku songs and had us try playing together. Does that jog your memory?
Ichika: Ah, yes. Honami learned to play drums in the school brass band, so we all brought instruments and met up at your house.
Saki: Yes! We got so excited about starting a band! But you know how that went.
Ichika: It was all over the place.
Saki: But Shiho got so into it, she said we had to practice until we could play the song perfectly! Nothing could change her mind.
Saki: So we carried on until everyone was exhausted, and then Hona said she brought us an apple pie to share. It tasted divine.
Saki: Ahaha...
Saki: It feels a bit lonely. Just the two of us.
Ichika: ..... ...Yeah, a bit.
Saki: Bye, Ichi! See you tomorrow!
Ichika: Take care, Saki!
Ichika: (I knew Saki would want to hang out with our old group.)
Ichika: (If only I could make that happen... But it doesn't seem doable at this point...
Ichika: Huh? Did my phone just flash?
Miku ln: Hello! You look sad. Is something wrong?|Miku
Ichika: Wh-What?! Is this...a hologram? Are you... Miku?!
Miku ln: Yes, that's me. It's nice to meet you, Ichika.|Miku
Ichika: You know my name?
Miku ln: Hehe. Sorry, if I surprised you.|Miku
Miku ln: I came to say hello, and to invite you over.|Miku
Ichika: Wait, what?
Miku ln: You can bring others along, if you'd like. Your friends, for example.|Miku
Miku ln: I'll be waiting for you in SEKAI. Bye, Ichika!|Miku
Ichika: She disappeared!
Ichika: I can't get the hologram to reappear. How did it even get on my phone in the first place?
Ichika: (She looked just like the Miku in my dream. I wonder if the two are connected somehow...?)
Ichika: No way...
Ichika: But... It'd be fun to get the band together again, and have Miku singing with us.
Saki: Good morning, Shiho!
Shiho: Morning.
Saki: Do you have time after school today? Because--
Shiho: No. I'm working today.
Saki: Oh, there she goes...
Honami: Oh...
Saki: Ah! Hona--
others: Hi, Honami!|Honami's Classmate
Honami: H-Hi! Did you get your homework done this time?
Saki: Oh, she's gone too...
Saki: Why are they both like that?
Saki: It's like they're avoiding me.
Ichika: .....
Saki: Ichi... Did something happen when I was in the hospital?
Ichika: !!
Saki: Never mind! I guess that I just caught them at a bad time. I'll try again sometime later!
Saki: I was wondering, do you still listen to Miku?
Ichika: Oh, yeah. I do.
Ichika: (Saki noticed that something's not right, but she's not asking about it because she doesn't want to upset me.)
Ichika: (I feel so bad for her. She hasn't done anything wrong.)
Saki: That's cool! So, what's hot recently? Can you recommend some songs?
Ichika: Sure. Take a look at this playlist. Anything in here is pretty good.
Saki: There's a song called Untitled? What's this one about?
Ichika: Untitled? I don't remember adding that.
Ichika: !!
Saki: Eek! My eyes!
Ichika: What was that... Saki, are you all right?
Saki: Yeah, but...where are we?
Ichika: It looks like we're in a classroom...

=== Episode 4 ===
Saki: Wha-?! I don't recognize this school! How did we get here? We were in our own schools courtyard just a moment ago!
Ichika: I don't know... And it's eerily empty.
Ichika: You hear that? Cicadas. You don't usually hear them at this time of year, right?
Saki: I hear something else, too. Someone playing guitar, and... singing?
Ichika: I may be imagining it, but it sounds like Miku.
Saki: You mean, someone's playing a Miku song?
Ichika: Sounds like it. Let's try to find them.
Saki: I think the sound is coming from over there.
Honami: Oh!
Shiho: !!
Saki: Hona and Shiho?!
Shiho: Saki... Ichika... What are you two doing here?
Ichika: We're... not sure how we got here.
Shiho: I see. Sigh. I'm going to be late for work...
Honami: Um, I also suddenly ended up here somehow. Then I ran into Shiho.
Honami: We don't know what's going on, but we heard singing, and decided to follow the sound.
Saki: We were thinking the same thing! Let's go together.
Honami: The singing was coming from this classroom.
Saki: H-Hello? Is anybody here?
Ichika: (This classroom seems familiar, as if I'd been here before. Ah, that's right. I dreamt about meeting Miku here.
Miku ln: There you are at last! You sure kept me waiting.|???
Ichika: What?!
Miku ln: Welcome.|Miku
Saki: M-Miku?!
Shiho: What's this supposed to be?
Honami: Is this really Miku? No, it must be a projection, right?
Miku ln: Would you like to shake hands to see if I'm real? Here.|Miku
Ichika: I can... shake your hand?
Miku ln: It's good to finally meet you in person, Ichika.|Miku
Ichika: I can feel your hand! You're real!
Ichika: I saw you in a dream, and you looked just like this! I have so many questions!
Shiho: Me too. First of all, what is this place?
Miku ln: This is SEKAI, another world.|Miku
Ichika: Huh?
Miku ln: Welcome to your SEKAI!|Miku
Ichika: What do you mean?
Miku ln: It's a world created by your feelings.|Miku
Honami: How can that be possible?
Miku ln: SEKAI are molded by what's in people's hearts. Your feelings also weave together into songs here.|Miku
Miku ln: I'm sure some of the things you see here will seem familiar to you.|Miku
Shiho: I don't understand any of this. If this is some kind of a joke...
Shiho: Wait. What's my bass doing here? I didn't take it out of its case...
Ichika: My guitar is here too! It should be back in my room at home...
Saki: Look, there's a keyboard and drums too! It's as if someone set everything up for band practice.
Saki: Speaking of which, I'd LOVE us to play together!
Miku ln: Why not? You're welcome to use the instruments.|Miku
Ichika: What?
Miku ln: Isn't that what you wanted too, Ichika? To play as a band?|Miku
Saki: You're saying it's okay for us to play right here? That's awesome! Let's do this!
Honami: B-But... I promised a friend to meet her after school today.
Shiho: And I've got work. Besides, there's no song we'd all know well enough to play together.
Saki: There's one! That song we practiced together years ago!
Shiho: .....
Honami: Yes... I remember that one...
Saki: Then let's play it! We all know it, and it's not difficult!
Saki: Plus, it's one of Miku's songs, so it's appropriate!
Miku ln: Oh, it's something I sang? I'd like to hear you play it.|Miku
Saki: You hear that? How can you say no?
Saki: Ichi, aren't you up for it?
Ichika: Well... I...
Ichika: I want to try it. I think it'd be really nice to play that song together again.
Saki: See? Ichi wants to play too! Shiho, Hona, don't make me beg you!
Shiho: No, I'm leaving. How do I get out of this place? Miku, you must know?
Miku ln: Yes, of course. But I'm not telling you until after you've performed the song.|Miku
Shiho: What.
Miku ln: Hehe. You got me curious and now I want to hear how you play it.|Miku
Shiho: *Sigh* Well, if it's just one song.
Honami: ..... It's been a long time, so I may not be able to play very well, but I'll try.
Saki: Yay! Thank you!
Ichika: (I can't believe this is happening. We're really going to play together.)
Ichika: (And if that wasn't incredible enough, we're going to perform in front of Miku.)

=== Episode 5 ===
Saki: Is everybody ready?
Saki: Hold on... How do we start?
Shiho: Sigh... Honami, count us in.
Honami: O-Okay. Here it goes... One, two, three, four!
Ichika: (It's the first time we've played together since that time at Saki's house.)
Ichika: (We struggled to keep pace with each other then, but everyone was doing their best, and it was was a lot of fun.)
Saki: (I'm loving this! Everyone's parts are coming together in this song! Maybe we could start a band again, and things between us could be the way they used to be...)
Shiho: Stop.
Ichika: What?
Shiho: Ichika, Saki, you're falling behind. Follow Honami's beat.
Ichika: S-Sorry...
Shiho: This is precisely why I didn't want to do this.
Saki: B-But wasn't it sort of good, considering? We actually synced up really well at the start!
Shiho: I'm not interested in playing sort of good. You should know that.
Honami: Sh-Shiho, there's no need to get so worked up about this. Let's try again, from the beginning. Okay?
Miku ln: Would you mind if I joined you this time?|Miku
Ichika: You want to play with us?
Miku ln: Yes. Do you not want me to?|Miku
Ichika: What, no, I didn't mean it like that... It would be amazing, if you're really okay playing with us?
Miku ln: Watching you play made me want to pick up an instrument too.|Miku
Shiho: Sigh... Whatever. Let's just get this over with.
Honami: Okay, I'll start again. One, two, three, four!
Shiho: (!!)
Honami: (Wow... Miku joined in so seamlessly...)
Saki: (And somehow her playing's encouraging everyone!)
Ichika: (She really is something else...)
Miku ln: Thank you for letting me join in. I could tell that this song means a lot to you.|Miku
Shiho: .....
Ichika: (Shiho and Honami both remembered how to play this song.
Ichika: (Could it be they too hoped that one day, we'd... Maybe that's just wishful thinking.)
Shiho: Okay, are we done? Because I want to go back.
Saki: Wait!
Shiho: What is it now?
Saki: Shiho, Hona, Ichi... Let's get the band back together!
Ichika: !!
Honami: Us, together?
Shiho: Are you joking?
Saki: Oh come ON, we had so much fun just now, right? Wasn't it fun, Shiho?
Shiho: No, it wasn't...
Saki: Even Miku noticed this song has a special place in our hearts. I think that you and Honami actually liked playing it, even though you won't admit it!
Honami: .....
Shiho: I don't want to be in a band with you. Period.
Ichika: Shiho...
Honami: I'm sorry but I don't think I want to do this either.
Saki: Hona... You, too...
Ichika: (I knew it seemed too easy...)
Shiho: I've had enough. Tell me how to get out of here.
Miku ln: Of course. You did as your promised, and I'll keep my word.|Miku
Miku ln: You all played a track just before you appeared here, remember? Called Untitled.|Miku
Ichika: So it was that track...
Shiho: That silent track got us here? Whatever, at least now I can get back out.
Shiho: Bye.
Honami: Then I'll be going too.
Saki: Oh...
Saki: Looks like we're not all friends anymore...
Ichika: .....
Miku ln: Are you giving up?|Miku
Ichika: Huh?
Miku ln: Are you sure they don't want to be friends?|Miku
Saki: You're right. If I give up now, we'll lose any chance we might have at getting back together.
Saki: I don't have a plan or anything, but I'm not giving up, that's for sure!
Miku ln: That's the way. And if you want to play together again, you can come here anytime.|Miku
Ichika: ... Miku, can I ask you something?
Miku ln: Yes?|Miku
Ichika: Why are you here?
Miku ln: Songs are crystallizations of feelings.|Miku
Ichika: Huh? Um, right...
Miku ln: Just like SEKAI, songs are born from feelings.|Miku
Miku ln: You and your friends need to find out what your true feelings are for them to turn into a song.|Miku
Miku ln: And I'm here to help guide you towards that truth.|Miku
Ichika: You're going to help us figure out our feelings...
Miku ln: I hope you can do it soon. You, and your friends.|Miku

=== Episode 6 ===
Ichika: (I can still feel the guitar strings under my fingers.)
Ichika: (We met Miku, and played a song together. It wasn't a dream.)
Ichika: (We were there all together, Saki, Honami, Shiho and I, and we played.)
Ichika: (It was fun.)
Ichika: (We used to be a tight group, always together. Saki would come up with ideas for what we could do. Whenever Shiho got too wrapped up in things, Honami would always be there to intervene.
Ichika: (It's been a while since we've all done something together, but things were just the way they used to be.)
Ichika: (Maybe if we got the band back together, like Saki said...)
Ichika: Things between us could go back to how they used to be...
Honami: H-Hello, Shiho.
Shiho: Hi.
Shiho: Do you remember what happened yesterday?
Honami: Um, yeah. It was so bizarre... I was so surprised.
Shiho: Yeah. I can't explain it.
Honami: Neither can I...
Shiho: So, you still play drums?
Honami: Huh? Oh, yes. I haven't played for about half a year though, so I've gotten rusty.
Shiho: .....
Shiho: That Untitled song appeared on my phone out of nowhere. You have it too?
Honami: Yes, I don't know how it got there. Strange how it happened to both of us.
Shiho: Yeah.
Shiho: Miku called that world a place made from our feelings. Sounds like nonsense, but what if it's true?
Shiho: Do you have strong feelings, too? The same kind of feelings as Ichika and Saki?
Honami: M-Me?
others: Honami! Let's go buy lunch!|Honami's Classmate A
Honami: Oh...
Honami: Sorry, I've got to go.
Shiho: .....
others: Yikes, Hinomori's glaring at us. Did she say something mean to you, Honami? Are you okay?|Honami's Classmate B
Honami: I'm fine... It wasn't anything like that...
others: She's really scary. Definitely in the no-friends zone.|Honami's Classmate A
Honami's Classmate B: Yeah. Did you hear that she hangs out at some sketchy dive?
Honami: I don't think that's true. She just has a part-time job at a live house.
others: Oh, really? Are you guys friends?|Honami's Classmate A
Honami: Um...
{{Flashback: color=ln|???|You act chummy with just about anyone. Whose side are you on?
Honami: No, I just heard about it from someone else.
Honami's Classmate B: Anyway, live houses are sketchy, right? I think they're kinda scary...
Honami: (Shiho isn't that kind of person...)
Honami: .....
Shiho: Pathetic.
Shizuku: My, if it isn't my sweet Shii!|???
Shiho: Shizuku...
Shiho: What are you doing in the first years' hallway? Everyone's staring already.
Students: Look, it's Shizuku Hinomori! Wow! Isn't she stunning?
Shizuku: Hehe. I'm just passing by on my way to see a friend. Hold on...
Shizuku: Is something wrong? You're even more sullen than usual.
Shiho: .....
Shiho: I'm fine. I told you not to talk to me at school, didn't I?
Shizuku: Shii... You don't look okay to me...
Saki: Yesterday was amaaazing! It's hard to believe, but it wasn't a dream, right? Right?
Saki: Ichi, look! I have Untitled on my phone too!
Saki: Shiho and Hona must have it too, right?
Ichika: Yeah, I think so.
Saki: It's so weird that the same track appeared on our phones, but it's kind of nice. It's like we have a special connection!
Saki: Oh, do you think it's got something to do with what Miku said about us having shared feelings?
Saki: If Shiho and Hona share strong feelings with us, then doesn't that mean...
Saki: But wait a minute, they flat out rejected my offer to get the band back together, so maybe I'm wrong about this.
Saki: It's a real shame, though, because it would be so awesome to have a band. It might help us become close again too!
Ichika: .....
Saki: Ichi? Your eyes are so serious all of a sudden. What is it?
Ichika: Saki, I was just thinking...
Ichika: Why don't WE start a band? Just the two of us?
Saki: What, you want to? For real?!
Ichika: Yeah, you're right. Two people isn't really a band...
Saki: No, no, it'll be fine! I'm so happy! Thank you for this!
Saki: And thinking long-term, Hona and Shiho may decide to join us at some point when they see how much fun we're having!
Ichika: Yeah, maybe. Let's try it and see how far we can take it.
Ichika: (It may be difficult to bring us all back together.)
Ichika: (But I want to do this for Saki. If she's not giving up, I'm sticking with her.)
Ichika: (I'll do everything I can!)

=== Episode 7 ===
Ichika: It worked!
Ichika: But is it okay for us to come here whenever we want?
Saki: Why not? Miku told us we could!
Saki: Besides, we wouldn't have decided to start a band if it wasn't for Miku. We should thank her!
Ichika: ... You've always been the first one to take the plunge.
Ichika: Well, that's one of your good points.
Saki: I know, right?
Miku ln: Ichika and Saki. You came to visit again.|Miku
Ichika: Miku!
Saki: Miku! Thanks for everything! Yesterday was a ton of fun!
Ichika: We came here without asking... Is that okay?
Miku ln: You don't need to ask permission. What happened to Shiho and Honami?|Miku
Ichika: Um...
Saki: They didn't come this time, but I'm sure we'll all end up here at some point!
Miku ln: That'll be something to look forward to.|Miku
Saki: We dropped by today to tell you something!
Miku ln: Oh? I'm all ears.|Miku
Saki: Ichika and I started a band!
Miku ln: Really? Hehe. I had a feeling you might.|Miku
Miku ln: You played really well together.|Miku
Saki: Teehee! Thanks! We have a long way to go, though. I can play the piano, but I'm not experienced with synth.
Ichika: Me too, I can play some chords and simple tunes, but that's about it.
Saki: We'll have to practice a lot!
Miku ln: I see. In that case, would you like to practice here as a group? The four of us?|Miku
Ichika: Did you say four?
Luka ln: That's right.|???
Luka ln: Hello.|Luka
Ichika: Luka?!
Saki: So Miku isn't the only VIRTUAL SINGER in this world?
Miku ln: Luka often visits to sing and play with me. She's my bandmate, in a way.|Miku
Miku ln: She can play both guitar and synth, so you can learn a lot from her.|Miku
Ichika: Luka will be our mentor? Wow!
Luka ln: Are you prepared for some intense training?|Luka
Saki: Gulp! Even if it's really hardcore, we'll try our best!
Luka ln: Hehe, just kidding. Let's have fun playing together.|Luka
Luka ln: I thought there would be more of you. Miku told me you had two more friends you were playing with.|Luka
Ichika: ..... Well... They're not coming this time...
Luka ln: Ah, I'm guessing the situation is a bit complicated.|Luka
Saki: We've been friends with the other two girls since we were little.
Saki: We used to be really close, hanging out together every day.
Saki: But then I had to stay in the hospital for a long time, and when I came back, Shiho and Hona didn't want to speak with me.
Luka ln: That's very sad. I wonder why?|Luka
Saki: I wish I knew, but they won't tell me anything.
Ichika: .....
Miku ln: Some things might be hard to say to someone you care about.|Miku
Ichika: That... That's true...
Miku ln: Both of you still want to be friends with Honami and Shiho, right? If you're determined, I'm sure things will work out.|Miku
Luka ln: Yes. If your wish is sincere, it will bring you together again some day.|Luka
Saki: Hehe. Hearing you say that makes me believe it will happen!
Miku ln: You have to keep believing.|Miku
Saki: All right, let's practice lots, so that we can play well when Shiho and Honami join us!
Ichika: Yeah, okay. Let's do this.
Saki: Argh, I can't do it! This is so hard! Luka, I'm so sorry. I'm no good at this.
Luka ln: It's understandable, piano and synthesizer are different instruments after all. Take your time and you'll learn it.|Luka
Luka ln: Don't try to do too much too soon.|Luka
Saki: Thanks, Luka!
Saki: Shiho is so good at playing. I have to up my game to match her!
Luka ln: Keep practicing and you'll get there.|Luka
Ichika: Hehe...
Ichika: (Saki is really enjoying this.)
Ichika: (But I bet she would be having even more fun if Honami and Shiho were with us too.)
Ichika: (No, I mustn't be so negative.)
Ichika: (I have to focus on learning to play well, too, to prepare for when Shiho and Honami join our band.)

=== Episode 8 ===
Saki: Band practice was fun! Luka joining us was a big surprise!
Ichika: Yeah. Having both her and Miku really helped us get a lot more out of that practice session, though.
Saki: For sure! Gosh, I can't wait to get better and show off to Shiho and Hona!
Saki: I can picture it now! When did they learn to play so well? I wonder if they'll still let me join...
Ichika: Hehe. Your impressions of Shiho have always been spot-on.
Saki: Thanks! Shiho denies it, but it's a fact!
Saki: Let's meet up for practice again tomorrow. Bye!
Ichika: Okay. See you tomorrow!
Ichika: (Saki makes everything fun, like back in the old days.)
Ichika: (But I keep thinking that I should tell her what happened when she was away. I just don't know how.)
Ichika: Shiho, let's have lunch together. Honami can join us today as well.
Ichika: (We were put in different classes from the second year of junior high school. I would go to their classrooms during the lunchbreak, until one day...)
Shiho: Don't talk to me anymore.
Ichika: M-Me?
Shiho: I want to eat lunch quickly so I can practice bass. Don't come over anymore.
Ichika: B-But... Shiho...
Ichika: (All of a sudden, Shiho didn't want to hang out with us. She grew more and more distant.)
Ichika: (When I asked her why, she replied that she wanted to be left alone and that was it.)
Ichika: (And then, Honami...)
Honami: Oh...
Ichika: Honami?
Ichika: Um... You bought some apple pies? Wait, is that bag ALL apple pies?
Honami: Er... Uh...
Honami: Yes... It's so embarrassing. Please don't tell anyone.
Ichika: I remember you used to get them often. So you still like them a lot.
Honami: Yes... I can't get enough.
Ichika: .....
Ichika: Saki and I went to Miku's place again today. We played Untitled, and it took us there.
Ichika: Also, we decided to start a band.
Honami: Oh, just the two of you?
Ichika: Yeah, but you're welcome to join, if you'd like?
Honami: I... I think I'll pass.
Ichika: I figured you'd say that.
Honami: Sorry... I-I was just on my way to buy something. I'd better go.
Ichika: Sure. See you around, Honami.
Honami: (Sigh)...
Honami: How much longer do I have to keep this up?
Honami: .....
Honami: I can't see any stars tonight.
Honami: (Maybe it's because everyone's not with me.)
Ichika: Honami...
Ichika: (Oh no, I forgot the fifth period is math.)
Ichika: (Maybe I can borrow Honami's textbook... Huh?)
Honami: .....
Ichika: (Why is Honami eating her lunch all alone? She normally eats with her friends.)
Ex-Classmate A: Hey, want to go to karaoke after school today? Everyone else is coming.
Ex-Classmate B: Everyone else...but not HER, right?
Ex-Classmate A: Of course not. She's no fun to have around.
Honami: .....
Ichika: Hey, Honami?
Honami: Oh, Ichika...
Ichika: I came to ask if I could borrow your math textbook... But more importantly, are you okay? Did something happen with your friends?
Honami: No, nothing of the sort! I just didn't feel like chatting while eating today, that's all!
Ichika: Are you sure? If something's wrong, you can talk to me.
Honami: It's fine, don't worry about it. It's really nothing.
Ichika: If you say so...
Honami: But...
Honami: Is it really so wrong to care about others?
Ichika: Huh?
Honami: Sorry, I was thinking out loud about something. The next class is starting soon. Here's the math textbook.
Ichika: But what were you saying...
Honami: Don't worry about it. Everything's fine.
Ichika: (After that, whenever I asked her if she was okay, she'd find some excuse to slip away.)
Ichika: (I had my suspicions...)
Ichika: .....
Ichika: If I'd only done something then, maybe things wouldn't have turned out the way they did...

=== Episode 9 ===
Saki: Ichiii! The weather's so perfect today, huh!
Ichika: I see you're in a really good mood. Did something good happen?
Saki: Heh heh heh! Not yet, but I'm going shopping after school. Wanna come with?
Ichika: Ah, so that's what you're after.
Saki: Yup! We've got a band now, so I want to have a keyboard I chose myself.
Saki: I'm prepared to spend all the pocket money I've been saving!
Ichika: Wow, you really are determined. But you know, expensive doesn't necessarily mean best. Why don't you ask the store staff for advice?
Saki: I guess I could do that. Do you see any staff around?
Saki: Oh! It's Shiho!
Shiho: Saki? And Ichika?
Ichika: Shiho...
Saki: Hey, how are you? Haven't seen you since that time in SEKAI!
Saki: What are you up to? Shopping?
Shiho: Yeah. You?
Saki: Hehe! I'm also looking to buy something♪ A synthesizer!
Shiho: Why?
Saki: Because we started a band! Miku and her friend from SEKAI are helping us practice!
Shiho: Are you kidding me? You're doing band practice with Miku?
Shiho: You can just hang out in that weird world and it doesn't bother you?
Saki: It's not weird, it's wonderful!
Saki: So, you're still playing bass, right? Are you in a band?
Shiho: I see where this is going. Listen, I've got no intention of joining your band.
Saki: Oh, don't be like that! I haven't even asked yet!
Shiho: ..... I'm not in a band, but I sometimes play bass at the live house where I work if the usual bassist can't make it.
Shiho: I'm fine on my own.
Ichika: Shiho...
Saki: But...I want to spend more time with you! Lots more! And I want you in our band!
Saki: I want Hona to join too! Let's play together, the four of us!
Shiho: (Sigh)...
Shiho: You haven't changed a bit since elementary school.
Saki: Really? How so?
Shiho: Back then you used to pester me to play with you every day. Even though I kept telling you I wanted to be left alone to play games at home.
Saki: You're making it sound like I was really pushy...
Shiho: You were, and you still are. Just like my sister. In the end, I had no choice but to give in.
Saki: Sorry... But you know, I just really wanted to play with you!
Shiho: .....
Shiho: I joined a band once, in junior high. An older member from the school pop music club invited me.
Shiho: It turned out the other members treated it more like a social club. They couldn't even play a single song half-decently. We got into an argument...
Shiho: And in the end, they kicked me out.
Saki: Shiho...
Shiho: I'm not going to join a band that doesn't take itself seriously.
Ichika: Shiho...
Shiho: Can you learn to play this song by next week?
Saki: What's this? Oh, it's sheet music?
Shiho: If you can play this with me, I'll consider joining your band.
Saki: !!
Saki: I'll learn it! I'll start practicing right away! You too, right, Ichi?
Ichika: Y-Yeah!
Shiho: Okay, I've got to go to work now.
Saki: Woohoo! Ichi, we're going to learn to play this song perfectly! We can do this!
Ichika: Yeah... Saki, thanks. Without you, I'd have given up on Shiho.
Saki: Hehe! I guess it takes someone as stubborn as me!
Saki: We can't waste this chance. We've got to start practicing and master this song!
Saki: But first, I'm buying a new keyboard!
Ichika: Right. Excuse me, could you help us with something?
Shiho: They want me to play with them...
Shiho: I thought it was best if I just kept my distance...
Shiho: Huh? Was that a shooting star?
Saki: What was that? A shooting star? Oh no, I missed it! Where did it go?|Little Saki
Honami: Saki, shooting stars disappear really quickly. You have to watch the sky carefully to see one.|Little Honami
Saki: I'm trying but I can't see any!|Little Saki
Ichika: You have to be patient. Let's keep looking.|Little Ichika
Shiho: .....
Shiho: Oh... It was just a plane.
Shiho: I guess there's no way you could see a shooting star from here.

=== Episode 10 ===
Miku ln: I wonder when will Ichika and Saki come back?|Miku
Luka ln: Hehe. You're impatient to see them, aren't you?|Luka
Miku ln: Luka! I didn't notice you were there.|Miku
Luka ln: I've been watching you milling around restlessly.|Luka
Miku ln: Well, you should have said something instead of spying on me...|Miku
Luka ln: I, too, hope that they discover their true feelings soon.|Luka
Miku ln: Yeah. But I'm afraid they're not ready to face them yet.|Miku
Miku ln: Maybe here they can find the courage.|Miku
Luka ln: I hope so. Oh? I hear two pairs of footsteps running towards us.|Luka
Saki: Miku! Luka! Sorry for barging in! We have to master this song so that Shiho will join our band!
Ichika: I'm sorry if we're asking too much, but this is our chance to have Shiho join! Could you please help us practice?
Miku ln: Hehe. So your friend is considering joining your band after all?|Miku
Miku ln: You can always count on our help!|Miku
Miku ln: That phrasing was really good. Can we try it again?|Miku
Ichika: Okay. Once again from the top!
Saki: Luka, I don't know what sort of vibe this melody should have. What do you think?
Luka ln: Hmm... How about playing it this way?|Luka
Ichika: Oh, when did it get so late?
Saki: Is it late? Gosh, you're right! I was so absorbed, I didn't notice the time.
Ichika: It's always sunset in this world, so it feels as if time is standing still.
Miku ln: The scenery is also formed from your feelings. That's why it's that melancholy, lonesome time of the day here.|Miku
Ichika: Huh?
Saki: Say, isn't this song kinda difficult? You can tell Shiho chose it.
Luka ln: But don't you think she picked it because she really hopes you'll take this whole band thing seriously?|Luka
Saki: Yeah, I get that feeling too! And the more I play it, the more confident I get!
Saki: On a different note... Ichi, I came up with this tune while we were practicing. Want to hear it?
Ichika: An original tune? Sure.
Saki: Really? Yay! I'll play it now!
Saki: That's it...
Ichika: Huh, that's really neat.
Saki: You think so? Yay! You used to write song lyrics at one point, remember? Since then I've been composing little bits in my head every now and then!
Ichika: Ah, yeah. I had that phase, but I stopped writing a while back. But, I'll be happy to listen to any of your creations!
Saki: Thanks! By the way, did you notice this?
Ichika: This is a...star map?
Saki: Yeah. There's another one drawn on the blackboard, as if the class was preparing for a stargazing trip!
Saki: I'd love to go stargazing myself.
Miku ln: You can, if you go to the rooftop.|Miku
Saki: But it's still early in the evening...
Miku ln: SEKAI is a world created from your feelings. Give it a try.|Miku
Saki: Wow! Look at that! I don't think I've ever seen the night sky!
Ichika: But how is this possible? The sun was setting only a moment ago!
Luka ln: This SEKAI was born from your thoughts and feelings, so the form it takes is based on that, too.|Luka
Ichika: Our feelings, huh...
Ichika: Saki, do you remember when all four of us were stargazing together?
Saki: Yeah, I do! We climbed the jungle gym and looked out for shooting stars!
Saki: Which constellation was it over? Cancer?
Ichika: Leo. We were watching the Leonids.
Saki: Right, right. That one. Hona tried so hard to teach us, remember?
Ichika: Yeah, she's always been interested in them.
Saki: But Shiho said none of Honami's lectures stuck in her mind. Not that I can really remember which is which, either.
Ichika: Hehe. I do, though. Honami repeated the names over and over, and she actually got upset with Shiho for not remembering any of them.
Saki: Oh yeah! Shiho and I weren't prepared for Honami's angry side, so we panicked and for once paid attention to the star map. I can't believe it was so long ago!
Ichika: Well... In a few days we're meeting up with Shiho.
Saki: We have to play that song perfectly, so that she'll join us!
Ichika: Maybe one day we'll all stargaze together again.
Saki: I hope so!
Ichika: (With Saki beside me, I'm hopeful that we can all be together again, just like before.)
Ichika: (I really want to be friends with Shiho again. I'll put everything I've got into playing that song.)
Ichika: We can do this, Saki.
Saki: Shiho, we're ready!
Shiho: I don't think this needs explaining, but if you mess up even just a bit, you can forget about me joining you.
Ichika: We're aware of that.
Shiho: Good. Let's head over to the studio.
Honami: (Isn't that...Shiho? She's with Saki and Ichika?)
Honami: (I wonder where they're going. Maybe they patched things up.)
Honami: .....
Honami's Classmate A: What's the hold up, Honami?
Honami: Oh, sorry! I'm coming!
Honami: (I'm happy for them, if they really made up. It's nice that they can be friends again.)
Honami: (It's for the best...)
Honami: (But why did seeing them together make me feel so lonely?)

=== Episode 11 ===
Shiho: Let's get started.
Ichika: Ready when you are.
Saki: Okay, girls! Let's jam!
Shiho: (They're keeping up with me. They must have practiced this song a lot.)
Ichika: (All right, we can do this. After so many sessions with Miku and Luka, we've got this down to a T.)
Saki: (I haven't missed a single note! I just have to keep it up and Shiho will agree to join our band!)
Saki: (Uh...)
Saki: (Why am I...getting dizzy? Not now...)
Saki: (We're so close. I have to finish the song...)
Shiho: Huh? Saki?!
Ichika: Saki, what's wrong?! Are you okay?
Saki: Hehe... Sorry I didn't say anything... I think I've worked up a fever...
Shiho: I'll call an ambulance!
Saki: No... I'm fine. It's just a cold. Do you mind if I lie down for a bit?
Ichika: How are you feeling? Any better?
Saki: Yeah, thanks. I just needed a break.
Ichika: Despite practicing with you every day, I didn't notice you were sick. I'm sorry.
Shiho: It's my fault for making you overwork yourself.
Saki: No, it's nobody's fault but mine for not realizing my limits.
Saki: I was having so much fun today that I just didn't want to stop even when I knew I should've.
Ichika: Saki...
Ichika: I know what you mean. I'm happy we got to play together today.
Shiho: .....
Ichika: I thought you hated me, Shiho. I didn't think we'd get to hang out like this ever again.
Shiho: No, I never hated you...
Saki: Tell me, Shiho... What happened while I was in the hospital?
Shiho: .....
Shiho: I ended up in a class where I didn't know anyone. Some girls often asked me to walk home with them, or to eat lunch together.
Shiho: But you know I'm not the social type. I don't feel the need to be around other people. So I kept refusing.
Shiho: Because of that, my classmates started to avoid me.
Ichika: .....
Shiho: I had no problem with that. I was glad not to be bothered. But then...
Shiho's Classmate A: This girl from another class comes around to see Hinomori all the time. What's her name? Hoshino? Can you believe Hinomori actually has a friend?
Shiho's Classmate B: I heard they've been friends since elementary. Birds of a feather, huh.
Shiho's Classmate A: That must be it. She seemed rude and a bit stand-offish too.
Shiho's Classmate B: I can't stand people who think they're too cool for everyone else. Like, they're too special to be friends with you.
Shiho: !!
Shiho: I snapped at them for saying bad things about my friends behind their backs, but that only made things worse.
Shiho: Personally, I don't care what they say about me. But I didn't want them to start spreading malicious rumors about Ichika or Honami.
Saki: So you decided to cut ties with everyone?
Shiho: Yeah.
Ichika: Why didn't you say anything!?
Shiho: Because you'd have worried, and then you would've come to talk to me at school. Those girls would only get nastier.
Saki: Well, thanks for telling us now. It's good to know you didn't totally change and start hating us!
Saki: You did everything you did because you cared about Ichi and Hona.
Shiho: .....
Ichika: Shiho, no matter what anyone says, I want to be your friend.
Shiho: .....
Shiho: Meh. I messed it all up anyway.
Ichika: Huh?
Shiho: If I really cared about protecting you, I shouldn't have agreed to this session.
Shiho: So much for self-control.
Shiho: Well, I warned you, at least. So if you want to keep this going, don't come crying to me later saying you can't hack it.
Ichika & Saki: !!
Saki: Shiho, are you saying you'll...?
Shiho: Join your band, yeah. If that's okay with you.
Ichika: We couldn't be happier to have you! Welcome to the band, Shiho!
Shiho: Okay.
Saki: Woohoo! This is huge! Ichi, we got Shiho to join our band! We really did it!
Ichika: Yeah!
Saki: Maybe, if we get to have a proper talk with Hona, she'll join us too!
Ichika: Ah...
Saki: Let's try talking to her again! Wouldn't it be wonderful to all be in the band together again? Uh... Whoah...
Ichika: Saki, don't jump around when you're feeling unwell! Lie back down...
Shiho: Sigh... Saki, first of all, you need to get back in shape. Then we can think about how to get through to Honami together. Okay?
Saki: All right! Hehe.

=== Episode 12 ===
Honami: (I haven't seen Saki around in a while.)
Honami: (I wonder if something happened. Could she have had a relapse?)
Honami: Oh... Ichika...
Ichika: What's up, Honami? What are you doing in front of my classroom?
Honami: I, um...wanted to ask you about Saki. I noticed she's been absent lately. Did she have to go back to the hospital?
Ichika: No, she just has a persistent cold. I went to her house to see her yesterday. Her fever's finally gone down.
Honami: Oh, really? I'm glad it's nothing serious.
Ichika: I saw Tsukasa, too, for the first time in ages.
Ichika: He put on his own one-man musical to cheer Saki up and make her feel better.
Honami: Hehe... He never changes.
Honami: Ah!
Ichika: For a moment, you talked to me normally again. That was nice.
Honami: .....
Ichika: Honami, listen...
Ichika: Shiho joined our band. She explained about why she'd been acting so cold and distant.
Honami: Oh, really...
Ichika: Are you sure you wouldn't like to join us too? That you don't want to hang out with us again?
Honami: .....
Ichika: Sorry. I'm one to talk...
Ichika: I wasn't there for you when you were going through a rough time, so I can't expect you to want to be friends with me now.
Honami: Don't say that!
Honami: You've done nothing wrong, Ichika.
Ex-Classmate A: Honami, mind if I rant a bit? This other girl from my club was sooo mean to me. Listen...
Honami: So that's what happened. Are you okay? Try to calm down.
Ex-Classmate B: And like, how could she say that to my face? What did I do to deserve that?
Honami: Oh, I see... That's kind of sad to hear...
Ex-Classmate C: Honami, you got a moment? I need to talk to you.
Honami: Yes, sure. What do you want to talk about?
Ex-Classmate C: I heard you were talking crap about me after class yesterday.
Honami: What? I'd never...
Ex-Classmate C: Two girls from my school club were kicking up a fuss over what I said to them. You agreed with them, no?
Ex-Classmate C: Whose side are you on?
Honami: I... I wasn't taking sides...
Ex-Classmate C: I heard that you always tell people what they want to hear. Some people-pleaser you are.
Honami: That's not what I was...
Honami: It's just that... It's hard to not have anyone to talk to when you're hurt. I thought it would help them...
Ex-Classmate C: A friend to everybody is a friend to nobody.
Ex-Classmate C: You thought you could make everybody like you by nodding and smiling at anything they say, huh?
Honami: No, it wasn't like that...
Ichika: Honami...
Honami: Oh, Ichika...
Ichika: Are you sure you're all right?
Ichika: If you don't want to talk now, that's fine, but know that you can always count on me. That's what friends are for.
Honami: Thank you, Ichika...
Ex-Classmate B: I saw Honami chatting to some friend in the hallway. I swear she was complaining we're bullying her here.
Ex-Classmate C: Pfft! I gave her a piece of my mind for being such a bootlicker and now she's acting all hurt.
Ex-Classmate C: She just wants to play the victim. That friend of hers is just the same, taking her side without even bothering to find out what happened.
Ex-Classmate A: I see Honami talking to that girl all the time. Her name's Hoshino.
Honami: !!
Ichika: Hey, Honami! Want to walk home together? There's a new bakery we could stop by on the way.
Honami: I'm sorry, Ichika...
Honami: Please don't talk to me at school anymore.
Ichika: What? Why don't you want to talk to me?
Honami: I already made up with my classmates, so you don't have to worry about me. Okay?
Ichika: Honami, I don't get it... Wait!
Ichika: I knew it. I shouldn't have just left you like that.
Honami: You offered to help, and that counts. Thank you.
Honami: But... I'm scared, you know?
Honami: I don't want my classmates to whisper things behind my back, or laugh at me, or ignore me.
Honami: It felt so awful, and I don't want to go through that ever again!
Ichika: .....
Honami: I don't want them to call me a bootlicker, or a people-pleaser who's friends with everybody, and friends with nobody.
Honami: So... I decided to prove my loyalty to them by not having friends outside our class.
Ichika: You can't be serious!
Ichika: What they said to you was just nasty! You're kind to everyone and there's nothing wrong with that. I know you, Honami, they don't!
Honami: I'm sorry, Ichika...
Honami's Classmate A: Honami! The school store was almost sold out of buns, so I bought all they had left for us all to share!
Honami's Classmate B: These custard buns are all the rage! Huh? Honami, are you coming?
Honami: Sorry, I've got to go.
Ichika: Wait!
Honami: I...don't even know what friendship is anymore.{{sfx|Footsteps

=== Episode 13 ===
Saki: Starting today, we can start practicing together! This is gonna be so awesome!
Shiho: Where were you thinking of having our first gig?
Saki: Our first...gig?
Shiho: Don't tell me you haven't thought that far. What are we going to be rehearsing for if not a gig?
Saki: Er... Our first show can be at...the school festival! Kind of clichéd, but I dig that kind of stuff!
Shiho: Oh well, I guess that's fine for starters. We've got to take this band stuff seriously, Saki.
Saki: But we only just got back together. Can't we take it easy for now?
Shiho: No. Once I let you get your foot in the door, your lack of discipline will affect everyone.
Saki: Ugh... You're being so harsh on me!
Ichika: Hehe. It's nice to see you two going at it again.
Ichika: Oh, we forgot to tell Miku and Luka that our band got bigger.
Saki: Oh, right! They had a hand in making this happen, so we should go and thank them!
Shiho: You've been practicing with them in SEKAI?
Saki: Yeah! They have been enormously helpful!
Saki: Maybe Hona would like to come along, too?
Shiho: That's...not likely.
Ichika: .....
Shiho: She still hasn't gotten over her junior high school trauma.
Saki: What trauma? What happened to her?
Shiho: I don't know the details. Just that her classmates had been ignoring her.
Saki: What?! But she's so nice, she makes friends wherever she goes. Why would they do that to her?
Shiho: Don't know. Whenever I tried to talk to her, she brushed me off saying not to worry.
Ichika: You were still talking to her back then?
Shiho: A bit. She looked really sad, so I wanted to find out why, but she always just clammed up.
Shiho: Didn't you notice how she was depressed all the time?
Ichika: .....
Shiho: Anyway, seems she couldn't stand being excluded, so now she follows her classmates around like a dog.
Ichika: Shiho, you're being mean.
Shiho: It peeves me that she changed so much. She used to be kind to everyone, but assertive. When someone was being mean, she'd call them out on it.
Shiho: But now? It's like she doesn't have a mind of her own anymore. If her classmates told her to bark and roll over, she would.
Shiho: It makes me so mad to see her like that.
Ichika: .....
Ichika: I spoke with her recently.
Saki & Shiho: Seriously?
Saki: That's heartbreaking...
Shiho: What she's doing is turning her back on us and her other friends because she can't face up to those bullies. That's not a solution!
Ichika: You have to understand that she's scared.
Ichika: Besides, she's the gentle type. She worries about upsetting people around her.
Shiho: Yeah, right. But she didn't care about upsetting you or Saki?!
Shiho: ...Look, I'm sorry. I just can't understand why Honami's being like this.
Shiho: Although I guess I can't really talk...
Ichika: Shiho...
Saki: Hona's always been super kind.
Saki: Shiho, remember when that hat you really liked fell into the river and Honami jumped in to get it for you? Her clothes got all wet, but she didn't hesitate for a moment!
Shiho: ...Yeah.
Saki: She puts others' needs before her own.
Ichika: .....
Saki: I see now what we should do.
Saki: We should give up on getting her to join the band.
Ichika: What?!
Shiho: Saki, are you serious?
Saki: Yeah. This will be an act of kindness from me to her.
Saki: Heh, I guess I kinda sound full of myself.
Saki: But I don't want to cause her any more trouble.
Saki: I wish I could tell her that I'll always be her friend, no matter what...
Saki: But I wasn't there for her when she needed me before, so it would just sound like an empty promise.
Shiho: .....
Ichika: I'm sorry... I told you about the bullying because I thought we could still do something now. I didn't mean to make you feel bad about what happened...
Saki: No worries, I get it.
Saki: Anyway, Hona is now getting along with her classmates.
Saki: I don't think it would be right for us to throw a spanner in the works because we think our friendship should matter more to her.
Saki: We have to respect her choices.
Saki: Moving on, we should get some practice done! Let's go over to Miku's place!
Shiho: .....

=== Episode 14 ===
Luka ln: Ichika, is something the matter?|Luka
Ichika: Huh? Why do you ask?
Luka ln: I detect a note of uncertainty in your guitar playing and singing.|Luka
Ichika: .....
Ichika: Luka, do you mind if I ask you for advice on something personal?
Luka ln: Not at all.|Luka
Ichika: I have a friend who's really important to me, and I want to respect her choices, but by doing that, I also feel like I'm failing her...
Ichika: I have no idea what to do.
Luka ln: And what are your feelings?|Luka
Ichika: Huh?
Luka ln: What do you wish for?|Luka
Ichika: I want to do what's right for everyone...
Luka ln: You know, there's no right or wrong in music.|Luka
Ichika: ...What?
Luka ln: It's down to individual interpretation.|Luka
Luka ln: Everyone brings their own tune to the table. Think of how you and your friends could put your tunes together into a beautiful melody.|Luka
Ichika: A melody for all of us...
Saki: Morning...
Shiho: Hi. Are you okay, Saki? You look kinda pale, and you've got bags under your eyes.
Saki: Whaaat, really? Haha, no need to worry. I stayed up late thinking about stuff, that's why.
Ichika: You worried about something?
Saki: I was just wondering whether we should tell Hona that we won't bother her about joining anymore.
Shiho: Seems unnecessary. We just won't ask her again.
Saki: No, but with how she is, I think she'll be agonizing over it unless we tell her we've given up.
Shiho: Saki...
Saki: So, it's best that we let her know our decision!
Ichika: Ah...
Saki: Hona! Sorry to interrupt your lunch break, but do you have a minute?
Honami: Oh, Saki...
Honami: I'm sorry, but... I was going to have lunch with some friends...
Saki: I won't take much of your time! And I won't ever bother you again, I promise!
Honami: ...What?
Saki: I'm sorry for being so insistent, asking you to join our band again and again.
Saki: I really wanted to find something that would bring the four of us together again, you know.
Saki: But I didn't realize how selfish I was being. I didn't consider it from your point of view. I'm really sorry.
Honami: You don't have to apologize!
Saki: Ichi told me everything. About what you went through in junior high school.
Saki: If something like that happened to me, I don't know how I'd have coped. It must have been so awful for you.
Saki: That's why I don't want to get between you and the friends you have now.
Honami: Oh, Saki...
Saki: So, that's all I wanted to say. Thanks for listening, and sorry for earlier.
Honami: It's okay...
Saki: I'll leave now! Bye, Hona!
Shiho: Do you think she's okay? We should've gone with her....
Ichika: .....
Shiho: Oh, she's back.
Saki: Hey, guys! Sorry to keep you waiting!
Ichika: How did it go? Did you tell her?
Saki: Yeah! I told her everything... Oh... Sorry...
Saki: I don't know why I'm crying... Haha... The tears just won't stop for some reason...
Ichika: .....
Shiho: Are you sure you're okay with giving up on Honami?
Saki: Yeah! I want what's best for her. And this is it.
Saki: We won't be hanging out together, but at least I can always walk by her classroom and look in to see how she's doing!
Ichika: Saki...
Saki: Oh, shoot. The lunch break is almost over and we haven't eaten lunch yet!
Shiho: .....
Shiho: Saki hasn't been herself ever since she spoke to Honami.
Ichika: ...Yeah.
Ichika: Do you think it really was for the best?
Shiho: You kidding?
Shiho: Nothing's ever felt more wrong.

=== Episode 15 ===
Shiho: We're not practicing today?
Saki: Nah, I've got my sports club, and Ichi's working after school, I think?
Ichika: Yeah. I have to go now or I'll be late. See you tomorrow!
Saki: I've got to go too. You don't have any plans this evening?
Shiho: I've got some minor business to attend to.
Saki: Ooh, that has a cool grown-up ring to it! Anyway, I'm off to my club. See you tomorrow!
Shiho: Okay. See you tomorrow.
Shiho: .....
Honami: I'll take the printouts to the teacher.
Honami's Classmate A: Thanks! See you later!
Shiho: Honami.
Honami: Oh! Shiho...
Honami: S-Sorry. I've got to take something to the teachers' room...
Shiho: Are you going to keep evading me forever?
Honami: .....
Shiho: I heard about your classmate troubles. You've been acting weird ever since.
Honami: Well, um...
Shiho: You'll probably think I'm full of crap for saying this to you after I tried to cut ties with everyone earlier...
Shiho: But I'm going to say it anyway. Are you sure this is what you want?
Shiho: Saki told you she's given up, but you're not dumb, so you must know that's not true.
Shiho: Don't you care about Saki's feelings?
Honami: No, it's not like that...
Shiho: Then what is it you want?
Shiho: Saki wants what's best for you. She's forcing herself to abandon your friendship because she thinks that will make you happy. Who are you doing all this for?
Honami: I...
Shiho: .....
Shiho: You're only thinking about protecting your own feelings.
Shiho: You're so scared someone will hurt you that you prefer to run away when things get difficult.
Honami: I...
Ex-Classmate: You act chummy with just about anyone.
Honami: I...don't know what to do.
Shiho: You don't know? Really? You made Saki cry, you realize that, don't you?!
Honami: What? I...I don't want to make her sad! But...
Ex-Classmate: Whose side are you on?
Honami: I don't want to be bullied again!
Shiho: Right. So it's clear, you don't give a damn about us.
Honami: .....
Shiho: Fine, then.
Honami: Sh-Shiho!
Shiho: One last thing. You probably see this without me pointing it out but...
Shiho: You're making it pretty obvious you think your current friends would turn on you given half a chance.
Honami: !!
Shiho: I don't know, maybe you're only concerned with looking out for number one.
Honami: ..... ...*Sob*
Shiho: (I get it. Really, I do.)
Shiho: (I know Honami didn't come to us for help because she didn't want us to worry.)
Shiho: (Then why...)
Shiho: Why can I only say such hurtful things to her?
Ichika: Shiho? I wasn't expecting to run into you at this time.
Shiho: You finished your shift?
Ichika: Yeah. What are you up to?
Shiho: I went to the studio on my own. I wanted to clear my head get some solo practice in.
Ichika: Did something happen?
Shiho: I talked to Honami.
Ichika: ...Oh.
Shiho: But...I messed up. I said some really mean things to her.
Shiho: Why am I so useless with things like this? I'm really hating myself right now.
Shiho: I can't even articulate why I went to talk to her in the first place. I'm such an idiot.
Ichika: Shiho...
Ichika: You know, that's something I really admire about you.
Shiho: What? Acting without thinking?
Ichika: No, your determination. Once you make up your mind about something, you act. I think that's impressive.
Ichika: I could never be like that.
Shiho: What are you talking about? Whenever I was getting into an argument with someone, you'd always stop me right away.
Shiho: You'd interrupt to stop me fighting even when you had no idea what it was about. Sometimes everyone'd be confused as to why you were getting involved at all.
Ichika: S-Sorry...
Shiho: It's okay. Thanks to you, most arguments got ended pretty quickly.
Shiho: It seems like nowadays you tend to overthink everything, and that's stopping you from being more decisive.
Shiho: You're more rational than me.
Ichika: You think so?
Shiho: That's how it looks to me.
Ichika: Hmm. Thanks, Shiho.
Shiho: I should be thanking you. I feel better after talking with you.
Shiho: I'll see you tomorrow.
Ichika: Okay. You take care.

=== Episode 16 ===
Miku ln: That's it! That was really good.|Miku
Ichika: That's the part that used to always trip me up. I finally got it right thanks to your advice.
Miku ln: It's all because you've been practicing so hard.|Miku
Shiho: Yeah. You've gotten a lot better, Ichika.
Saki: Whoa! Shiho gave you a compliment!
Shiho: You're making it sound like it's a big deal. I give credit where it's due, you know.
Ichika: I feel like I've been making more progress since you joined, Shiho. Having you around gives me extra motivation.
Miku ln: It's nicer to have more friends around, right?|Miku
Saki: I want to get some sweet praise from Shiho too! Luka, I'm going to try this part again. Can you give me some pointers?
Luka ln: Hehe. With pleasure! Let's surprise Shiho with how well you can play too!|Luka
Saki: Sounds like a plan! Okay, here I go!
Ichika: Saki's so enthusiastic.
Shiho: Sigh... She should take things at her own pace.
Miku ln: You're more considerate than you let on.|Miku
Shiho: ..... She has weak constitution. Anyone would see the need to go easy on her.
Ichika: Hehe.
Shiho: Don't you tease me too... Sigh. Let's get back to playing.
Ichika: Okay. A bit of banter every now and then doesn't hurt, though.
Saki: Phew! We packed so much into that session! It was super satisfying!
Ichika: You were so completely in the zone practicing with Luka, I felt as if you forgot we were even there.
Saki: Was I, really? Sorry! I got so into it, I just had to work on it until I got it right!
Shiho: Just don't push yourself so hard you pass out again.
Saki: That won't happen! I'm taking better care of myself to make sure that doesn't happen again, promise!
Shiho: Okay, I'll take your word for it. I've got to go now. Thanks for the session. Bye.
Ichika: Thank you too. Bye!
Saki: She's becoming more and more like the Shiho we grew up with.
Ichika: Maybe she didn't really change at all. Maybe it was Honami and I that did.
Saki: Huh?
Ichika: Yesterday Shiho told me that I used to be the type to act first, think later.
Saki: Hmm... Yeah, that checks out!
Saki: How to put it... You were quiet and collected most of the time, but if any of us was in trouble, you'd spring into action! Kind of thing?
Ichika: Hmm, really?
Saki: Like that time I climbed a tree and couldn't get back down?
Ichika: Ah, I remember that! I rushed to help you, climbing up to where you were.
Saki: Yeah! And that's how we BOTH got stuck!
Ichika: Haha. You're right, I used to act without thinking.
Saki: And whenever Shiho and I started fighting, you'd make us stop right away.
Ichika: Shiho said the same thing.
Saki: I think we managed to stay such good friends because you were always there to defuse any conflict.
Ichika: Hmm, maybe. I just always wanted us all to get along.
Saki: I'm so glad you did!
Saki: It's thanks to you that we even have a band going now!
Ichika: I don't know if it's thanks to me, but I'm also glad we're doing this.
Ichika: (I guess I was different in the past.)
Ichika: (I used to be more proactive when it came to our group.)
Ichika: (My friends matter to me just as much now, and I want to do everything I can to bring us all back together, but...)
Ichika: (I feel powerless.)
Ichika: What can I do?
Ichika: Huh? One of my notebooks fell onto the floor...
Ichika: (That's the old notebook I used to use for writing down my original song lyrics...)
Ichika: (This takes me back. I wrote so many songs, thinking that maybe I could have Miku sing some of them.)
Ichika: (Uh... Reading them now, they sound kind of embarrassing. They're too...naive, not to say childish.)
Ichika: (Although...)
Ichika: Together Forever, huh.
Miku ln: Hello, Ichika. Is it just you this time?|Miku
Ichika: Yeah. Miku, could you help me with something?
Miku ln: Sure, anything.|Miku

=== Episode 17 ===
Ichika: I'm sorry to stop by out of the blue like this...
Miku ln: Don't worry. You need someone to talk to?|Miku
Ichika: How did you guess?
Miku ln: Hehe. One look at you and I could tell.|Miku
Ichika: You really are amazing...
Ichika: Where to begin... Since Shiho joined, the band got even more fun. I'm really happy to be friends with Shiho again, just like we used to. But...
Miku ln: You miss Honami?|Miku
Ichika: Yeah. And I was also thinking about our group as a whole.
Ichika: About how I could contribute.
Ichika: Saki gave up on asking Honami to join us, because she thinks Honami is happier with her current group of friends.
Ichika: Shiho couldn't bear how sad that made Saki, though, and she went to talk to Honami and ask if that's what she really wanted.
Ichika: As for me... I haven't done anything. I also want us all to be back together, but I feel like my hands are tied.
Ichika: And back when Honami was being bullied, I did nothing. I knew I should have, but when she told me not to worry, I just didn't know what to do...
Ichika: For a long time now, I've just been sitting on my hands, instead of helping my friends.
Miku ln: You've already discovered what your true feelings are, haven't you?|Miku
Ichika: ...What?
Miku ln: You want to be together with your friends.|Miku
Miku ln: Accept your feelings, and cherish them.|Miku
Ichika: .....
Ichika: I should let myself...accept what I truly want?
Ichika: ... I've always liked the three of them so much.
Ichika: Saki always brightens the mood. Even when she was suffering from her illness, she always had a smile for everyone.
Ichika: Shiho has the strength of will and confidence to always do what she believes in, no matter what anyone says.
Ichika: Honami is kind and caring. She notices immediately when someone needs help, and hurries to lend them a hand.
Ichika: They're all amazing, and very dear to me.
Miku ln: Okay.|Miku
Ichika: So...
Ichika: That's why I want us all to be in this band together. Maybe there's something else that could bring us back together, but this is what I want.
Ichika: When we all played together again, I felt so happy.
Miku ln: Well, Ichika. Let's try to think now how you can make that happen.|Miku
Luka ln: Don't hesitate to ask me for help, either.|Luka
Ichika: Luka!
Luka ln: This SEKAI is made from your feelings. Honami's feelings and wishes must manifest here too.|Luka
Ichika: I can find them here?
Ichika: Oh... The star map. Is this it?
Ichika: Is this the clue to what Honami's really thinking?
Honami's Classmate A: What are you guys doing over the next school break?
Honami's Classmate B: I'm going on a trip with my family!
Honami's Classmate A: Nice! I got a temp job. I sorta regret it now...
Honami's Classmate B: I'll bring you something nice from my trip! And let's go shopping together when I get back!
Honami's Classmate A: Cool, I'm up for that! Is there anything you'd like to do, Honami?
Honami: I...
Honami: I thought it might be nice to go stargazing.
Honami's Classmate B: What, here, in the city? You can't really see the stars around here.
Honami: Sorry, that was a weird idea, wasn't it? I don't know why I said that.
Honami's Classmate A: Are you okay, Honami?
Honami: Huh?
Honami's Classmate A: You're kind of gloomy lately. What's eating you?
Honami: It's nothing! Sorry to make you worry.
Honami's Classmate B: Uh-oh, is it something you can't talk about with your friends?
Shiho: You're making it pretty obvious you think your current friends would turn on you given half a chance.
Honami: .....
Honami's Classmate A: ...You sure you're okay?
Ichika: Honami, can I talk to you for a moment?
Honami: Oh, Ichika...
Ichika: Are you free after class today?
Honami: Um... No, not really...
Honami's Classmate A: I've got my club today, so don't worry about me.
Honami's Classmate B: And I've got work!
Honami: I... I guess I'll be free then.
Ichika: Thanks. I need to talk to you about something. It's really important.

